¶-1
Peter had left early to go to the gym, where he wishes there were more people his age.¶-1
Paul lies in bed, thinking of the past day and Rebekkah, making pancakes.¶-1
Robert speaks, freaking everyone out¶-1
Peter picks up Paul, and they drive to the mall, observing the events.  Peter feels the need to talk about Rebekkah¶-1
Paul and Peter run into Rebekkah, who explains that she was in the mall.  Peter tries to get the two to talk.  Rebekkah reveals that she was there alone, which Paul finds odd.¶-1
Robert delivers his address¶-1
Paul and Peter agree to stick around so that Rebekkah can write her number down.  Paul and Rebekkah chat awkwardly (about Paul leaving early) while Robert yells instructions¶-1
Robert gives the three their numbers¶-1
Peter has an encounter with a boy at Sonic¶-1
Paul and Rebekkah warm up to each other as numbers are called¶-1
End of the day, Robert gives his closing remarks, and everyone attempts to leave¶-1
Paul, Peter, and Rebekkah ride home together¶-1
Outside an ice cream parlor is Jacob - they give him a ride.  He tells them more of what he saw once he left his family that was "wasting their time praying instead of observing"¶-1
Rebekkah gives her number to both Jacob and Paul¶-1
The group reflects on their numbers seperately¶-1

Jacob fights with his parents over returning to his uncle's commune, and about him running off yesterday¶-1
He packs a suitcase and decides to strike out on his own, his first stop being the garden that inspired him in the first place¶-1
Paul and Peter think to check the news¶-1
Various news programs relating what had happened, and how the public was dealing with it¶-1
Jacob runs into the four horsemen, and is subsequently sent to the hospital¶-1
Rebekkah, at home, receives a call from Jacob, and calls Peter and Paul to take her there since she doesn't want to involve her father¶-1
The quartet picks ups Jacob in the hospital, where he explains what's happened, and tells the Hollis' that he needs a place to stay.¶-1
The Hollis' agree, reluctantly, to take Jacob in.  Their first order of business is to procure Jacob a mask, where the quartet learns more about eachother.¶-1
The quartet drop Rebekkah off NEAR her house, which further confuses Paul.  ¶-1
Paul, Peter, and Jacob return to their house, where Paul promptly locks himself in his room.  Peter and FIore have a discussion about Paul, the boy's parents, and their big empty house.¶-1

Jacob lurks around the Hollis' house, trying to understand the day to day of their lives.  Paul hardly comes out of his room.  Jacob attempts to learn more about Peter.¶-1
The second day Paul decides to play a long and gets more comfortable with being outside.  ¶-1
The third day, Jacob panics and asks to return to his home.  They take him there, but his family has moved on.  Paul and Peter empathize with and understand Jacob a bit better.¶-1

Robert returns to give the first round of essay tests.  (It's been 3 days)¶-1
Paul, Peter, and Jacob are already there, having been interrupted from eating pancakes.  Paul wonders if Rebekkah is near, as he hasn't seen her in three days¶-1
As essays are being distributed, Paul picks up Rebekkah's - he seeks her out to give it to her, and ends up sitting next to her.  This backfires when both begin to detest themselves as they write their essays.¶-1
Peter's essay does not seem to be going that well either, Jacob just seems confused and asks for more paper¶-1
McGregor's essay is introduced¶-1
The quartet drive home stewing on what has just happened, feeling that maybe they will not make whatever cut is neccessary to be favored by Robert¶-1
Rebekkah is dropped off NEAR her house again, and this time feels a pang of sadness having to leave them.¶-1
McGregor returns home, and tours the church he lives in¶-1
¶-1
Rebekkah makes a surprise visit to the Hollis' residence Friday morning, with a backpack, sleeping bag, and pillow; running away from her father's house.¶-1
Peter and Jacob are caught of guard, and tell Paul.  He is hiding in his room.  He attempts to pull himself together to greet Rebekkah¶-1
Peter and Rebekkah talk about Peter's adolescence while they hope Paul comes out.  ¶-1
Neglecting to tell Rebekkah the whole truth, the rest is pointed out through exposition¶-1
Paul finally emerges, and the four watch a sermon on TV and debate the number's meanings, all while awkwardly getting to know eachother better.¶-1

Pastor McGregor delivers his sermon.¶-1




